update addon develop guide (#410)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: content/en/developer-guides/addon.md

<!-- spellchecker-enable -->

## Supported version

> The OCM v0.14.0 requires addon-framework v0.8.1 and above versions.

Reviewer: we have not released yet. This annoucement should be noted only we are about to release

Author: modified the doc to only focus on the released version. will create and hold another PR for v0.14.0.

                    BuildTemplateAgentAddon()
```

> Addtionally, if you are using addon-framework v0.8.1 and v0.9.0, need to grant a `patch` permission on `ClusterManagementAddon` to your addon manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Addtionally, if you are using addon-framework v0.8.1 or higher, need to grant a `patch` permission on `ClusterManagementAddon` to your addon manager.
```

                    BuildTemplateAgentAddon()
```

> Addtionally, need to grant a `patch` permission on `ClusterManagementAddon` to your addon manager.

Reviewer: This is the requirement for 0.8.1, right?

Author: Yes, and 0.9.0 as well. Have updated the content.
